Hello friends, welcome
to our YouTube channel.  And today we are going to compare the latest
health
insurance plans launched by two top health insurance companies to see
which plan will be
right for us and we will
also learn about all their riders today.  So
which one will be best for you and we will
also check their premiums.  Otherwise,
if you want to get a
personalized plan designed for yourself, then you
can contact us.  The
number for calling and buying is also given in the description.   First of all let
us talk about ICICI.
Room eligibility.
Inside ICIC you get a single private AC room.
And Room Modifier If you take the add on
inside it then you
can take any room inside it.  But inside Star you
get no room room capping.  You
can take any room inside it.
Talking about the entry age, any adult between 18 years to 125 years can
enter it.
Under End Child, a child can enter from 91 days to 30
years.  There
is no age limit above 18 years in Star.  Any adult aged
person can enter inside it.
In adult category, children from 91 days to 25 years of age can
enter it.
If we talk about sum insured, you can adopt sum insured from Rs 5 lakh to
unlimited sum insured.
Inside Star
starts from Rs 7.5 lakh.  Goes up to unlimited.
This is also beans.  If we talk about bonus, the
no claim bonus will range from 20%
to a maximum of 100%.
No Claim Bonus within Star in ICICI will range from 50% to 100%
maximum.  And if we
talk about refill benefit, you will get
unlimited number of times refill in
year of any illness.  The end star
also has the same inside.  You will get unlimited.
Otherwise, if we talk about air ambulance, then
we will have to take a rider inside ICIC.
Then we will get air ambulance service.
Butt Star has us covered inside.
You will get reimbursement up to Rs 5 lakh
under this.  Complimentary wearable
tests are available at ICICI Bank and will be available on the
list of cashless basis.
You will get tests according to what comes under cashless.  The rest
is available to you inside the star.  1% sum insured will remain.
It will go up to a maximum of Rs 25,000.
You get the veinless benefit in both.   Available up
to 20% off.  You will have to install some apps from
both the companies.
In that you have to perform exercises etc.,
steps etc.,
accordingly you will be provided discounts
by the company.  And if we
talk about pre-hospitalization, pre and
post-hospitalization, both are the
same.  Whatever expenses the hospital incurs 90 days before and 180 days
after the operation, the company will cover them all for you.
And both these things are the same.
You will have to add non-payable items through rider inside ICICI.  But it
is inbuilt inside the star.  So all the
non-payable items will be covered.
Inside the star inside the ICIC inside the add on.
If we talk about maternity benefits
, the expenses incurred, whatever
expenses there will be for new born baby etc.,
both of them will be covered only after 2 years.
And you will have to add it in the rider form inside both.  There
is no inbuilt in both.  And the
limit within the star is that you will get only from Rs 5,000 to Rs 1 lakh.
Similarly, Star
also has limits within the ICC.  So you
can read this detail from your voucher.  In this,
you will get maternity benefit as an add-on.
My suggestion would be that if you
want to take a policy regarding maternity, then there are
other options in the market,
you can contact us for that.
Both these plans will not be the best for maternity
because
both these maternity
add-ons are very expensive.  And if you want to take your own policy, then
you can also take ICICI policy for one, two or three years
together.  You
can also buy Star for 5 years at a time.
This is the benefit of taking it together.  Firstly, you
get good discounts.  And
if there is any rate fluctuation then the rates increase
or if you pay a part of the premium for 5 years together then the
rates also do not increase.
And if you want to take domiciliary and home
care treatment then
you get it inside ICIC but not home care.
But you get both the facilities inside Star.
So the next feature
is Lock the Clock which is
available only in Superstar.  You do
not get this feature inside ICICI inside Star.  Its
benefit is that if suppose you have
taken this policy at the age of 30, then
your premium will remain the same for 50 years until you make a
claim.  If you make a claim in between,
then your
premium will increase as per the age
slab.  But this feature is not available in ICICI.
This Superstar feature Clock was
also present in the Niva.  If you know,
this next feature, Annual Aggregator
Deductible, is not available within ICICI.
Inside Superstar you
get options ranging from Rs 10,000 to Rs 10 lakh.  You
can take this.  The advantage of this is
that whatever amount you select in the deductible option,
you will have to pay that amount
from your pocket or if you have any other health
insurance, then from there.
After that, whatever amount is left will be paid to your
company.  Next is the health checkup.  Now
health checkup is not compulsory in this.
You will have to take it as an add on.
Under both the plans, ICICI
offers up to Rs 500 and Rs 5000 per year.  In this also there
is an optional 1% of the sum insured up to Rs 25,000 and
the initial waiting period is 30 days in
both but
your accidental is covered from day one.
Whatever disease you have, whatever
operation you have, it will start after 30 days.
If there is a waiting period for specific diseases
like hernia, piles etc. then
all these are covered after 2 years.
If we talk about pre-existing diseases,
their waiting period is after 3 years.
In both the plans, if you
mention any pre-existing disease, then it will be
covered only after 3 years.
So this is the list of some riders of ICIC &
Star.  So you can read this and
modify the plan according to your needs.
And if you need any consultation or
want to take the plan then please
contact us.  So first of all, there is
durable medical equipment inside the ICC.  There
is a dependent accommodation benefit.  Annual health checkup.  If
you use annual checkup then you
can take it as a rider.  Claim
protector so that you
can claim your durable items as much as possible.
Power Booster Power Booster means that your
100% sum assured will keep increasing every year.  There is
no restriction on this till infinite time.  Power booster
done.  Infinite Care
What happens inside Infinite Care is that you have
taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh.  Suppose you get a claim of Rs 1 crore.
So you will get one time
sum insured of Rs 1 crore.  And
your entire claim will be settled.  Even if a
claim of Rs 1 crore comes.  But this is one time use
only.  and domestic air
ambulance cover network advantage.  There is a network
advantage that you know that I have
also visited these network hospitals nearby.  So this gives you a discount.
Nursing at Home Inflation
Protector.  What happens in an inflation protector is
that your sum
insured keeps increasing along with inflation.
Critical Illness: If
you suffer from any kind of illness during critical illness, you will
get a good sum insured.  Personal
accidental is also covered under this.  Jump
Start: If you have ABC D problems,
asthma, BP then it will be covered from your day one.
Room Modifier: If
you want to increase your room, make it any room
or downgrade it
, the premium will be reduced due to which
you can do that also within this.  If
you take the copayment option, you will
get a discount of 10%, 20% because
what happens with copayment is that you have to make the
payment from your pocket.  If you keep 10%, then
whatever you are above 60, when your age is
above 60 then you will get the payment.  For example, if
you have kept 10% then you will have to pay 10%
from your pocket.  The company pays the rest.
B Fit is for availing OPD benefits.
This Limitless Care Stay Fit.  Stay
fit means that if you take care of your fitness
then you will get a benefit.  Mamta
Mum is a women's wellness.  If you do this, all the
problems faced by women will be
covered.  The ultimate service is
for senior citizens.  These in-clinic
consultations are available in the network and the
long-term deductible is also available.   The
previous copayment is the same.  Copayment
Quick Shield is available.  Future Shield,
Maternity Expenses, Room Modification, you get all these
riders.  Now let us
talk about a quotation.
How much is its premium?  If we
talk about premium.  You can see that this chart is
made for health, you can see that I have
kept Star Health here in the first column,
in the second is of ICICI,
you can see that the premium for Adult One of 30 years is almost the same, it is
93, 9000 and if we
talk about adults then here it is
above 13900, the premium is almost the same,
rest whatever add ons you add,
its premium will increase and
you can customize it according to yourself
and if you need any help, if you
want to purchase or proper guidance, then you can
contact us.